Added clarification about subscribe operation and no records on poll (#761)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-bridge: documentation/modules/proc-bridge-subscribing-consumer-topics.adoc

+
If the request is successful, the Kafka Bridge returns a `204` (No Content) code only.

> As it happens with using an Apache Kafka client, the HTTP subscribe operation just adds the topics in the local Kafka consumer subscriptions list.
> In order to join the consumer group and getting partitions assigned, the client has to run multiple poll operations for starting the partitions rebalance.
> It means that after the HTTP subscribe operation, the first few HTTP poll operations could return no records but will start the partitions rebalance and the join-group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using Apache Kafka, the HTTP subscribe operation adds topics to the local consumer's subscriptions. 
Joining a consumer group and obtaining partition assignments occur after running multiple HTTP poll operations, starting the partition rebalance and join-group process. 
It's important to note that the initial HTTP poll operations may not return any records.
```

Author: I pushed changes, but for the first sentence I used "When using an Apache Kafka client, ..."
It's important to highlight that I am talking about a client talking the Apache Kafka protocol. 
"When using Apache Kafka" ... doesn't say much, it's crystal clear we are using Apache Kafka :-D
